Docs: Corrects Fluent Bit documentation link to build the plugin. (#2942)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/fluentbit/_index.md

### Local

> First you need to follow those [instructions](https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/master/cmd/fluent-bit/README.md) to build the plugin dynamic library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to follow the [instructions](https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/master/cmd/fluent-bit/README.md) in order to build the plugin dynamic library.
```
